orchidaceous: Pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order (Orchidaceæ) ofendogenous plants of which the genus Orchis is the type. They aremostly perennial herbs having the stamens and pistils united in asingle column, and normally three petals and three sepals, alladherent to the ovary. The flowers are curiously shaped, oftenresembling insects, the odd or lower petal (called the lip) beingunlike the others, and sometimes of a strange and unexpectedappearance. About one hundred species occur in the United States, butseveral thousand in the tropics.
fluidrachm: See Fluid dram, under Fluid. Pharm. of the U. S.
sonnet: To compose sonnets. "Strains that come almost to sonneting."Milton.
covenant: An agreement made by the Scottish Parliament in 1638, and bythe English Parliament in 1643, to preserve the reformed religion inScotland, and to extirpate popery and prelacy; -- usually called the"Solemn League and Covenant."He [Wharton] was born in the days of the Covenant, and was the heirof a covenanted house. Macualay.
interpret: To act as an interpreter. Shak.
reordain: To ordain again, as when the first ordination is considereddefective. Bp. Burnet.
usherdom: The office or position of an usher; ushership; also, ushers,collectively. [R.]
abit: 3d sing. pres. of Abide. [Obs.] Chaucer.
diverse: In different directions; diversely.
gimmal: Made or consisting of interlocked rings, gimmal mail.In their pale dull mouths the gimmal bit Lies foul with chewed grass.Shak.Gimmal joint. See Gimbal joint, under Gimbal.
lycine: A weak base identical with betaine; -- so called because foundin the boxthorn (Lycium barbarum). See Betaine.
patrician: Of or pertaining to the Roman patres (fathers) or senators, orpatricians.
sang-froid: Freedom from agitation or excitement of mind; coolness intrying circumstances; indifference; calmness. Burke.
teamed: Yoked in, or as in, a team. [Obs.]Let their teamed fishes softly swim. Spenser.
windage: The difference between the diameter of the bore of a gun andthat of the shot fired from it.
-grave: A final syllable signifying a ruler, as in landgrave, margrave.See Margrave.
advisory: Having power to advise; containing advice; as, an advisorycouncil; their opinion is merely advisory.The General Association has a general advisory superintendence overall the ministers and churches. Trumbull.
dialypetalous: Having separate petals; polypetalous.
etagere: A piece of furniture having a number of uninclosed shelves orstages, one above another, for receiving articles of elegance or use.Fairholt.
gastronomist: A gastromomer.
inconvertible: Not convertible; not capable of being transmuted, changed into,or exchanged for, something else; as, one metal is inconvertible intoanother; bank notes are sometimes inconvertible into specie. Walsh.
kissingcrust: The portion of the upper crust of a loaf which has touchedanother loaf in baking. Lamb.A massy fragment from the rich kissingcrust that hangs like a frettedcornice from the upper half of the loaf. W. Howitt.
maintainable: That maybe maintained.
outbounds: The farthest or exterior bounds; extreme limits; boundaries.Spenser.
pseudovary: The organ in which pseudova are produced; -- called alsopseudovarium.
samaroid: Resembling a samara, or winged seed vessel.
sedilia: Seats in the chancel of a church near the altar for theofficiating clergy during intervals of service. Hook.
tatty: A mat or screen of fibers, as of the kuskus grass, hung at adoor or window and kept wet to moisten and cool the air as it enters.[India]
toilette: See Toilet, 3.
vestry: A parochial assembly; an assembly of persons who manageparochial affairs; -- so called because usually held in a vestry.
woolsey: Linsey-woolsey.
clapboard: To cover with clapboards; as, to clapboard the sides of ahouse. [U. S.] Bartlett.
exosmotic: Pertaining to exosmose.
inconvertibly: In an inconvertible manner.
manhaden: See Menhaden.
rawish: Somewhat raw. [R.] Marston.
siliquosa: A Linnæan order of plants including those which bear siliques.
trifoliolate: (Bot.) Having three leaflets.
well-bred: Having good breeding; refined in manners; polite; cultivated.I am as well-bred as the earl's granddaughter. Thackera
zodiacal: Of or pertaining to the zodiac; situated within the zodiac; as,the zodiacal planets. Zodiacal light, a luminous tract of the sky, ofan elongated, triangular figure, lying near the ecliptic, its basebeing on the horizon, and its apex at varying altitudes. It is to beseen only in the evening, after twilight, and in the morning beforedawn. It is supposed to be due to sunlight reflected from multitudesof meteoroids revolving about the sun nearly in the plane of theecliptic.
